if you're looking to pick up UT coins
you've got fever coins own and use the
code pad for a discount or if he came
some cheap game codes you can also use
the code pad at the game keys for that
cheeky discount enjoy the video yes boys
I am far fellas it's been a very long
time but I am now back online YouTube
schedule we've got one episode of Faisal
let a fatal left sorry the freaking
fatal series let until the knockout
stages into a play all the other
freaking YouTube is around the bloody
well with the only friggin Australians
in the old friend series left it's
ridiculous national life and if you do
go to go this freakin episode but boys
your the option of picking up by the
in-form continue and tim says incline or
inform velocity and tim says incline you
guys selected the main man velocity i
mean there was really no choice is just
an absolute beast in this game and
hopefully Pete freakin propels and goals
into the frigates geeks five common
trees is freaking all over shop boys but
this is our first opponent you want mate
ok in for magazine a family anger ice
the pace up front is really really scary
but hopefully can stick together and get
this win let's move the old microphone a
bit closer just so it's bit nice of you
to hear me let's freakin do it boys we
go boys we see the run it's that man
freaking palazzi but new man holy shit
can he do you freaking unthinkable
frickin one nil my word what a player
thank you boys for freaking selected him
for me what a stir lovely play these
Caesar I'm from a hurricane on sun will
around cut inside and then finish it now
oh my god spinel Wow forty thousand
coins from Harry motherfucking chain
boys we are on fire rolling it over
waiting for the friggin around there it
is from dim Maria here we go son and in
cuts in watch the post the freaking back
post-hurricane makes it three boys this
team is ridiculous Oh boys just
fantastic stuff here we go and we're
gonna friggin sweaters with a freakin
put this one away Fornell I mean what
else are we gonna have to do it freaking
wait wait to get think the players are
gonna bring him to this side after this
episode it is going to be amazing this
look at this link up play Cazalla I
thought of where I'd actually stuck this
up it look just absolutely snug
underneath the legs get in boys here we
go Harry Kane this is stroke and took
off by the way picks out the run from
Aguero can you throw in free and smash
it he does it's five boys it is five but
I just give it up here give it to Harry
Kane and make sure he puts it away bangs
it oh god fuck my life can't wait for it
hang on wait for it all right it's as
easy Zeb bells and wait for it are the
top it's harry kane can you finesse it
around the keeper another one that is
the magic seven and harry kane picks out
sergio aguero who is on side here needs
to find the past back to harry kane who
finds a one-on-one pings edge tonight
that is an eight fucking goal vo boys
play it through come on Aguero come on
Aguero pet RF thank you very much ok to
give harry kane his fifth freaking goal
in this game he steps up up there you go
five bloody girls this is lovely
Playboy's velocity is a way if you can
get onto it here he goes can he chipped
the keeper that's right boys the lot
live love the freakin long break has
done me so well we've just put away ten
fucking girls in our first game I mean
just I dining there's gonna be one with
the comments they're thinking that I'm
playing leave my maid or something this
is a genuine random opponent and he's
just absolutely shit else but what the
actual fuck man Harry Kane saw the
keeper start to come out thought why the
fuck not and that's another forty
thousand coins he's surely not rage
putting on the 90th minute you know no
he fucking did it okay now that is the
most retarded thing I've ever seen
anyone do on FIFA all right boy as well
as you can see this is just ridiculous
boys Harry Kane from his six goals has
given us two hundred forty thousand
coins the other players looks like
freakin Aguero in velocity they've got
picked up 150k for us as well and we've
got an extra 40 k from the rage quit so
boys on top of 40,000 from last episode
we haven't used yet we now have four
hundred and seventy thousand coins we
still have another game to go right boys
our final game for the building stages
of fatal we're coming over again to
another time okay we've got like us out
at the front and
behind him okay leg inside with a bit of
Syria I think I can handle this well
here we go hurricane boys he is away one
over the keeper can be free and back he
sure does he's shooting is hashtag
ridiculous boys start Gary Kane picks
out Sergio Aguero what a freakin run can
you play the pass back inside I know so
there's a guerro finesse it oh my word
Oh Harry Kane's away boys using his face
and strength here we go who's gonna try
and key on inside and finesse it what a
save kon boys kept alive here free de
Guerre oh here we go come inside the
coin kick guy short corner cross here
boys Vincent Kompany whack in the
Shawcross for Lassie I will hold on Oh
lovely passing play Aguero let me make
that Thun ok de Maria cutting around
outside playing the bass back outside
accidentally all my we're well past
finish it turn el banco pitch a liner
frickin see you later I know he's
breaking away oh I get boys were so
probably work boys here we go the one to
touch and its velocity we're gonna try
and use the skill penalty penalty
penalty anything are you freaking
serious boys that is a joke Oh boys here
is velocity user skills were crane side
cut in penalty that is exactly why we
brought him into the team boys and he's
in a rage quit just what just look at
this I'm up his back ok fair enough poor
man what cheeky skills you just can't
touch the blast man and hopefully Harry
can you get another here we go boys he's
gonna go top left here bang too hot the
handle three now that's all she wrote
folks Oh cheeky from freaking Bowl RC
really damn cheeky cutting inside using
his skills cutting around hoping
everything up bangs it too he's just
incredible well boys we've won the game
three nil that is our final game for the
fatal series until the next one we will
be playing the knockout stages against
yellow youtubers will we win fatal boys
we are about to find out well boys from
that game we got two goals from
hurricane which was eighty thousand
coins 30,000 from ghazala which equaled
a hundred and ten thousand coins we add
that to the total of the last game plus
the remaining coins from for episode for
just forty thousand coins we now have a
total of five hundred and eighty
thousand coins to add to the final two
spots in our squad right boys or noun is
of you to make your decision as to which
player we add this squadron the central
defensive infill role and the left back
row left for this squad and these your
options I'm option freakin one boys team
in the season as for the Quetta at
left-back and inform yaya toure 88
braided absolutely huge voids your
second option is very very similar and I
just haven't tried either all these
players but you need to make sure you
let me know which one is the best one to
use option to team this season has put
loquitur and man of the match yaya toure
boys the decision is yours do we go the
info version or the man-of-the-match
version you let me know in the comments
section down below but Momo actually no
not that freakin comment section down
below the straw poll link in the
description click on that how a vote let
me know boys if it did enjoys crazy
freaking episode the last one until the
Knockouts smash the freaking like button
boys 800 likes today would truly be
stupendous we'll get you another Everton
career mode yes finally I'll do three
episodes of every episode career mode
straight away from tomorrow if you kind
of had a hit friggin a total ice boys
follow me on Twitter and pursue 12 to
stay in contact with me to keep
up-to-date bit of a cracking day and
I'll see you tomorrow open meeting
somebody
I
you